Numerous imaging uploader fixes. (#4495)
aces/Loris: modules/imaging_uploader/test/TestPlan.md

	Related to Redmine#14093 and PR#3555.
	[Manual Testing]
20. Set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'No'. Upload an MRI archive that can successfully be
    uploaded. Check that the value of the Progress column for the uploaded archive is 'Not started'.
    [Manual Testing]
21. Set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'Yes'. Upload an MRI archive that can successfully be
    uploaded and that will be processed successfully by the pipeline. Once the upload is finished and processing of the
    archive has begun, check that the value of the Progress column for the uploaded archive is 'In Progress...'.  Click 
    on the uploaded archive in the results table and select 'Detailed' in the combo box of the log panel. Check that an 
    increasing serie of dots is displayed along with a rotating bar to indicate that the archive is being processed. Once
    processing is finished, reload the page and check that the value of the Progress column for the uploaded archive is 
    'Success (X out of Y)', where X is the number of MINC files successfully inserted and Y is the total number of MINC 
    files created. 
    [Manual Testing]

> 23. Set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'Yes'. Upload a file that can successfully be uploaded but that 

Reviewer: Although GitHub auto adjust number, it should be properly written.

Author: @PapillonMcGill I don't understand your comment

Reviewer 2: She means that your list went from 21 to 23 and skipped 22.

	archive, answer 'Yes'. Check that this reupload fails with error code 4 (and not 2). 
	Related to Redmine#14093 and PR#3555.
	[Manual Testing]

> 20. First, set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'No'. Upload an MRI archive that can successfully be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
20. Set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'No'. Upload an MRI archive that can successfully be
```
Remove all these 'First'. (including point 19), You can't have multiple 'first'.

Author: OK

    uploaded. Check that the value of the Progress column for the uploaded archive is 'Not started'.
    [Manual Testing]
21. First, set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'Yes'. Upload an MRI archive that can successfully be
    uploaded and that will be processed successfully by the pipeline. Once the upload is finished, check that the value of 
    the Progress column for the uploaded archive is 'In Progress...'
    [Manual Testing]

> 22. First, set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'Yes'. Upload an MRI archive that can successfully be

Reviewer: This step can be merge with previous (most of the text is duplicate).

Author: OK

    uploaded and that will be processed successfully by the pipeline. Once the upload is finished, click on the uploaded
    archive in the results table and select 'Detailed' in the combo box of the log panel. Check that an increasing serie of
    dots is displayed along with a rotating bar to indicate the the archive is being processed.
    [Manual Testing]
23. Set the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'Yes'. Upload a file that can successfully be uploaded but that 
    will fail the processing done by the MRI pipeline. After the upload succeeds, wait for the MRI pipeline to finish processing
    the archive and check that the Progress column is set to 'Failure'. Note down the text that is displayed in the log panel
    (Detailed view). Now change the config setting 'ImagingUploader auto launch' to 'No'. Upload the same file again. once the

>     upload is finished, make sure that the detailed log messages seen earlier are gone and have been replaced by a message that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    upload is finished, ensure that the detailed log messages seen earlier are gone and have been replaced by a message that
```

Author: I changed all occurrences of 'make sure' to 'ensure'.
